[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to Beyond Belief.
JJ Brighton with us is a light
language channeler and creator
of the multi-dimensional
soul integration
modality, which facilitates
a rapid soul evolution.
And today, you will hear
her riveting channel
of the Andromedan star mothers.
Lots to get into.
Welcome, JJ.
>>JJ BRIGHTON: Hello, George.
Such a pleasure to be
here with you today.
>>NOORY: How did this
all start for you?
>>BRIGHTON: Wow.
It has been a journey.
Like most spiritual people,
I started the day I was born,
tuning in to things that you
don't see with your eyes,
feeling energies.
And throughout that time,
I've evolved, obviously,
into a place where I connect
with interdimensional beings,
and ascended masters,
and all kinds of energies
that are here to assist us
through the ascension process.
>>NOORY: Did you teach yourself,
or did you have a helper?
>>BRIGHTON: I'm
mostly self-taught,
which is kind of
unique, but I do
consider all of my
beautiful spirit team
to be my teachers as well.
>>NOORY: Now, you
deal a lot with what
is called light language.
What is that, and
how does that work?
>>BRIGHTON: Well, light
language is a lot of things.
But to put it
concisely, I would say
it is a multidimensional
form of communication that
allows us to be able to transmit
and communicate frequencies
that regular languages, like
English, for instance, can't do.
>>NOORY: JJ, what are the
three types of light languages?
>>BRIGHTON: So you have
spoken light language, which
is most familiar to people.
You have written light
language, like sigils, symbols,
sacred geometry.
And then you have hand
or body light language.
>>NOORY: And the hand or body,
is that people expressing
themselves when they talk?
>>BRIGHTON: Yeah.
I mean, it could come out that
way when you're intentionally
doing it with light
language, oftentimes, you're
moving energy.
>>NOORY: Why do they
call it light languages?
>>BRIGHTON: Well, in my opinion,
language implies something
that you're communicating.
You're using communication
forms to transmit
different frequencies.
And light is
frequency, and that's
what we're intending to do when
we transmit light language.
>>NOORY: Do you find that some
leaders use light languages
in certain ways to
influence people?
>>BRIGHTON: I would say there
is a lot of nonverbal kinds
of communication that
you could consider
to be a language
like light language
that people use all the time.
And you know what?
We do it consciously and
sometimes, even subconsciously.
>>NOORY: Is there a
science behind this?
>>BRIGHTON: There are
absolutely researchers
who have studied the idea of
sounds and prelinguistic sounds
in particular, which is where
light language is grounded in.
And so if you look into
linguistic research,
for instance, with the
spoken light language,
but even the
development of language
since the beginning of
time, anthropologists,
different researchers
have absolutely
seen how it has evolved.
And it's interesting
to note that the roots
of those languages oftentimes
have a common thread.
>>NOORY: JJ, are there
various learning styles
that tie into light languages?
And what are they?
>>BRIGHTON: Yes.
So I tend to be
a visual learner.
So for me, writing light
codes or light language
down as symbols is the way
that I'm most prone to do it.
But for those people
who are more auditory,
they might find themselves
speaking the light language.
And for people who
are kinesthetic
or learners that learn
through movement,
they may find themselves moving
the hands to do light language.
>>NOORY: How do you
know what you might be?
>>BRIGHTON: I would
say if you go online,
there are lots of tests that you
can take that will just tell you
what kind of learner
you are, and it's
a great resource, not
just for light language,
but anybody who's wanting
to learn how to channel.
>>NOORY: Is any one
better than the next?
>>BRIGHTON: Well, no.
I believe that we're all here
carrying our unique frequency
of divinity, and we
all have something
to share with the world.
>>NOORY: You had an
incredible spiritual awakening
back in 2018.
What happened to you?
>>BRIGHTON: That is correct.
It was big.
So essentially, what
happened is I got to a point
where I was in organized
religion and an organized belief
system, you could say, that
had made up most of my life.
And all of a sudden,
I began to realize
that there was a ceiling
almost in that belief system,
and I wanted to
expand beyond it.
And in order to do
that, I essentially
had to deconstruct
everything that I
knew to be, quote unquote,
true, and allow myself
to entertain ideas that I
had never before thought of.
>>NOORY: Should I ask you
what religion that was?
>>BRIGHTON: Christianity.
>>NOORY: And was it
dramatic that you
had to make that change?
>>BRIGHTON: It
was very dramatic.
It was very dramatic.
>>NOORY: Was it emotional?
>>BRIGHTON: It was
very emotional.
I actually went
through an entire year
where I feel like I sort of just
detached from all spirituality,
kind of like a
little moment of just
unplugging to reset and reboot
everything that I believed in.
And I had been very spiritual
up until that point.
I had always felt like
I could communicate
with angels and with God.
And honestly, for that time,
I just tuned everything out,
allowed myself to go within.
And then from there, I was able
to get to where I am today.
>>NOORY: JJ, what is the
phrase, speaking in tongues,
mean to you?
>>BRIGHTON: Well, that is
a phrase that is commonly
used in Christianity.
It's actually
found in the Bible.
And in my personal opinion,
speaking in tongues
is very similar
to light language
because it allows you to
convey those frequencies
that normal language, like
English, for instance, limits.
And that's actually how I got
my start with light language.
>>NOORY: Interesting take.
Now, a friend introduced
you to galactic beings
and light language.
How did that happen?
>>BRIGHTON: Yes.
That was taking it
to the next level.
So going from
connecting with angels
to interdimensional beings
was quite an adventure.
But essentially, what we did
was I was introduced to her,
and she was, I would say, a more
advanced channeler than I was.
She was connecting with
these offplanet beings
from other dimensions,
beings of light
that were aligned with my path.
And we would hop
on a phone call,
and then we would just
start going back and forth
and sharing what was
coming through for us,
and we created this
synergy that opened up
a whole world of
different connections.
One of the ones that
stands out for me most
is the Ninth Density Arcturians.
>>NOORY: Later, toward the end,
JJ is going to do a channeling.
Stick around and
make sure you watch
that because that's incredible.
Now you created a
podcast as well.
Tell me about that.
>>BRIGHTON: I did.
It was actually in
the midst of COVID.
And I just had to speak.
I needed to share what
was happening with me.
It was a huge part
of the processing,
of the deconstruction
of all my beliefs.
So I still remember this.
I have a lot of
kids, a big family.
I couldn't really record at my
house, so I would get in my car,
and I would drive
somewhere quiet,
and I would actually
record on my phone.
And that's how my
podcast started.
>>NOORY: While driving?
>>BRIGHTON: No, no.
I would park the car.
>>NOORY: How do people
hear this podcast?
>>BRIGHTON: I
honestly don't know
how people found me
because nobody knew
who I was in my regular life.
>>NOORY: What do you call it?
>>BRIGHTON: Activations with JJ.
So when I first started, I
shared it with one person,
and then I started
sharing on social media,
and people would just find it.
The energy of it, I
imagine, attracted them
to what they needed.
And now, it's just
grown exponentially.
It's beautiful now.
>>NOORY: How big
is your following?
>>BRIGHTON: So I have
40,000 on my YouTube.
That's the predominant
platform for me.
>>NOORY: Do you really?
Good for you.
>>BRIGHTON: Thank you.
Thank you.
>>NOORY: And again,
they can find you by?
>>BRIGHTON: Well,
activationswithjj.com.
The podcast is on YouTube.
It's also on Spotify,
Apple Podcasts,
all the podcast platforms.
>>NOORY: What do you
basically try to teach people?
>>BRIGHTON: Wow.
I feel like I'm
less of a teacher,
and I feel like I'm more
of a friend and a guide
that is co-creating this
ascension journey with people,
where I feel-- you know,
when I record the podcast,
I can actually feel the
presence of the people that
will be listening later.
I feel like I step
outside of time and space,
and I'm able to just feel like
we're sitting around a campfire,
chatting about these things.
And it allows me to
get over my own self
and my fears to
express whatever I feel
would be in alignment
to help all of us who
are on this journey together.
We're doing this together.
This is collective ascension.
It's not individual.
We are banding together and
helping each other on this path.
>>NOORY: JJ, how many beings
and entities do you channel?
>>BRIGHTON: That's
a great question
because I was thinking about
that before I came on today.
And it would be fun
for me to count.
But I tend to consider myself
a starseed linguist in that
in my regular education,
I actually studied
linguistics and learned
multiple languages,
and I do the same now.
And so I don't
even have a number.
Dozens upon dozens of
beings have come forward.
Sometimes I feel like an
interdimensional radio station.
>>NOORY: Oh, give me a ballpark.
>>BRIGHTON: I
would say over 100.
>>NOORY: Different channelers?
>>BRIGHTON: Yes,
Different beings.
Yeah
>>NOORY: And where are they?
Where are they channeling from?
>>BRIGHTON: They are from
higher frequency locations.
So I feel that my
frequency signals what
frequencies I'm calling in.
So I never have to worry about
who and what wants to connect,
and all of them have messages
to support the ascension process
for humans, whether
they be angelic beings,
interdimensional star
beings, ascended masters,
even elemental frequencies.
I once channeled the
minerals of the earth.
>>NOORY: Are any dead humans?
>>BRIGHTON: I have
done mediumship.
I have connected with
different people that
have lived on the planet in the
past, and that's always fun.
That happened at the
beginning of my journey.
But now, I tend to be connecting
with more off-planet beings.
>>NOORY: Do you have ascended
masters dealing with you?
>>BRIGHTON: I do.
I love connecting with Saint
Germain, Sanat Kumara, Mary
Magdalene, Yeshua.
>>NOORY: The Mary Magdalene?
>>BRIGHTON: Yes.
Yes.
>>NOORY: How about Jesus?
>>BRIGHTON: Yes.
>>NOORY: You deal with Jesus?
>>BRIGHTON: I connect
with him frequently.
>>NOORY: How do he is who he is?
>>BRIGHTON: I feel it.
It's not a knowing.
It's a feeling.
>>NOORY: You don't think this
entity is tricking you or trying
to deceive you?
>>BRIGHTON: No.
>>NOORY: What does he want?
>>BRIGHTON: He wants
us to feel supported
and to enjoy this journey.
>>NOORY: Does he ever talk
about his crucifixion?
>>BRIGHTON: Well, that's
an interesting thing.
I have tuned in about his
history and what I have found,
and I've heard other channelers
mention this before as well.
But there are actually
multiple timelines of his life,
just like there are
multiple versions
of you living your life.
We're all living these
multiple parallel lives.
And so depending on the version
of his life that you tune into,
depending on that
frequency, you're
going to get a little
bit different history.
And that's why you might notice
that there are channelers who
have told his story and tuned
in to see what happened,
and they're different.
>>NOORY: I'm sure you've
asked him about God.
>>BRIGHTON: I have.
I have.
>>NOORY: What does he say?
>>BRIGHTON: He said we
are God, and God is us.
>>NOORY: You have to ask
him about the Big Bang
because I haven't found one
physicist yet on my radio show
to tell me what
the Big Bang was.
>>BRIGHTON: In the
beginning was the word.
That's why language
is so important.
Vibration and frequency was
what created everything.
>>NOORY: Now we're going
to do some channeling
at the end of the show,
but how quickly do
you get into that mode?
>>BRIGHTON: Well, that's the
fun thing about light language
is that it is a
technology that can
assist you to connect with
different frequencies very,
very rapidly.
So I can do it pretty quick.
>>NOORY: I mean, if I wanted
to chat with Jesus through you,
could we do that?
>>BRIGHTON: Sure.
>>NOORY: Can you do it now?
>>BRIGHTON: Yes.
But I feel that the presence of
both Jesus and Mary Magdalene
want to come through
together as a divine union.
>>NOORY: I will talk to her too.
So what's the process?
What do we do?
>>BRIGHTON: I'll start
with some light language
to help both of us
calibrate to the message.
Is that OK?
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>BRIGHTON: OK.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
I'm ready.
>>NOORY: What language
was that, by the way?
>>BRIGHTON: That
was a vocalization
of the frequency of the divine
union consciousness of Mary
Magdalene and Yeshua.
>>NOORY: Yeshua,
I call you Jesus.
I've studied you since
I was a young boy.
Are you with us?
>>BRIGHTON: Yes.
>>NOORY: Are you
indeed the Son of God?
>>BRIGHTON: Yes, and so are you.
>>NOORY: Have you forgiven
those who have wronged you?
>>BRIGHTON: [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
According to your
understanding, I have forgiven.
>>NOORY: It has been reported
over the years that when you
were on the cross
some 2,000 years ago,
you tried to talk to God and
basically asked him why did you
have to go through this.
Did you say that?
>>BRIGHTON: In one of the
timelines, which this channel
has mentioned, yes, I did.
>>NOORY: You did not want to go
through what you went through, I
would assume as a human being?
>>BRIGHTON: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: Once you
passed on the cross
and you had the resurrection,
what was that like?
>>BRIGHTON: Pure light.
Pure awareness.
Pure love and pure
understanding.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>>NOORY: Have you gone to other
planets to do the same thing?
>>BRIGHTON: Before I
incarnated on this planet,
I incarnated on many other
planets in this galaxy.
>>NOORY: Bringing
the same message?
>>BRIGHTON: Yes, one of
love and one of unity.
Both myself and
she whom you know
as Mary Magdalene, our
partnership and our contract
is to bring these frequencies
and these templates
to all beings who will receive.
>>NOORY: You once said, when
they were trying to stone her,
he who has not sinned
cast the first stone.
And nobody threw a stone.
What did you mean by that?
>>BRIGHTON: They
knew her mission.
And the reason that is stated in
the translations of the Bible,
of which you are more
aware, are not accurate,
for she was simply sharing
the same messages that I
was sharing in her own way.
And as the divine masculine,
I was holding space
for her expansion.
And those who witnessed
that particular situation
felt the power and the unity of
our partnership, which diffused
the heightened emotions.
>>NOORY: Do you feel
you still needed
to die on the cross for us?
>>BRIGHTON: No.
>>NOORY: No?
>>BRIGHTON: I was a reflection
of what humanity thought
it needed in that timeline.
In that particular timeline, the
contract was to have a, quote
unquote, "savior."
>>NOORY: Would
you have preferred
not to have gone
through the pain
and suffering you went through?
>>BRIGHTON: All experiences
are equal in my eyes,
and all experiences provide
wisdom, growth, and expansion.
And there were
multiple timelines
where I did not transition
from this life in that way.
>>NOORY: What do you
think of mankind today?
>>BRIGHTON: I am hopeful.
>>NOORY: Is it promising?
>>BRIGHTON: Yes.
>>NOORY: Thanks to probably you.
>>BRIGHTON: [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
The templates which I hold and
the templates which Mary holds,
together, we have contracted
to assist with this ascension
journey.
And not only are
we here, but we are
part of this collective effort.
Everyone is playing
an important role.
None should think that their
role is lesser than another.
Each and every one
of us holds a key
to the evolution of humanity.
>>NOORY: What is heaven like?
>>BRIGHTON: Heaven
is a reflection
of the heaven within you.
Heaven is a reflection of your
divine frequency of source.
And what you experience
outside of yourself
mirrors what you experience
inside of yourself.
>>NOORY: In parting, Jesus,
I would like to say one day.
I would love to meet
you but not yet.
Not yet.
>>BRIGHTON: [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
You know you are loved.
>>NOORY: JJ, come on back.
Are you back?
Are you aware of who you
channel when it's happening?
>>BRIGHTON: Yes.
>>NOORY: You're still in
control of your own self?
>>BRIGHTON: I am.
>>NOORY: Your mind, your body?
>>NOORY: What does it feel
like to be channeling Jesus?
>>BRIGHTON: It feels
like love, George.
It feels like pure love.
>>NOORY: You're getting
emotional on me.
>>BRIGHTON: I can feel both
the love of Yeshua and Mary
Magdalene as a representative
of the divine father
and the divine mother
coming through, just as you
would love your own child.
The love that they have for
each and every one of us
is so expansive, and it is
overwhelming emotionally
sometimes.
>>NOORY: Well, he gave us
great answers about things
that had happened in the
past and verified some things
that I had known, said
some things I didn't know.
>>BRIGHTON: Beautiful.
>>NOORY: What is Homo luminous?
>>BRIGHTON: Oooh.
Homo luminous is
the evolved human.
>>NOORY: What is
the evolved human?
>>BRIGHTON: We are
beings of light.
Our frequency is higher.
And so we resonate.
And we are made of
light, essentially,
as we transition into this,
what's called the New Age.
We are absolutely holding
a higher quotient of light.
And therefore, we are releasing
some of the denser energies
that you could say are part
of Homo sapiens in order
to transition into a different
kind of body, quite frankly.
>>NOORY: What about Earth's
ley lines, hotspots?
Would they exist?
>>BRIGHTON: Ooh, absolutely.
>>NOORY: Do they help
you in your work?
>>BRIGHTON: They do.
What's interesting is
that the transition
that Gaia is going through
herself as a celestial being
and a celestial body is
mirroring the transition
that our physical bodies
are going through.
So she has ley lines,
meridians you could say,
just like our body has
meridians and ley lines.
As we activate ours
through different methods
like light language, they
are being reflected in Gaia.
And as we assist Gaia in
activating her ley lines
and energy nodes, that's going
to resonate within our body.
We will feel it.
>>NOORY: What does a
ley line mean to you?
>>BRIGHTON: For me, a ley line
is an energetic throughline
that forms part of an
energetic grid or conduits,
set of conduits of light.
>>NOORY: Now, the
light language that we
deal with on a
regular basis, does
that affect our consciousness?
>>BRIGHTON: It 100% does.
Light language, I've been
told time and time again
by my galactic guides,
many of my star family,
my Arcturian family,
my Pleiadian family,
that light language
and all of its forms
is one of the most
powerful technologies
we have on the planet
to make the quantum
leaps that we are now making.
>>NOORY: Do we need
it to make that leap?
>>BRIGHTON: I think that it will
become very indispensable to us
because the frequencies
are ramping up
at such a high velocity, that
without it, it will become
very uncomfortable for us.
>>NOORY: Are you very intuitive?
>>BRIGHTON: I would say yes.
>>NOORY: I think I am too.
How does that play
a role in this?
>>BRIGHTON: Well,
intuition is a great way
to explain how we even
speak light language.
I feel like light language is
just intuitive soul language.
And so if you're intuitive,
you can absolutely
speak light language.
If you feel like--
I think everyone's
intuitive, but if you
feel that your
intuition is heightened,
then light language will
be very, very easy for you.
>>NOORY: JJ, what is a
multiple timeline convergence?
>>BRIGHTON: Oooh.
So we're in a period of
a cycle of evolution.
And essentially,
what we're looking
at is along with an
ascension process,
you have the expansion
and the contraction.
So there's been a bunch of
expansion in multiple timelines,
and we are entering a zero point
phase where all of the timelines
are converging.
And the 888 portal of
2024 was the marker point
of that timeline convergence.
I spent that time
at Mount Shasta.
And I was receiving
a lot of information
from my galactic guides,
my galactic team,
ours, essentially, that all
of the timelines of our DNA,
of our star families, were
being woven back into one,
so that we could reconcile and
shift into this golden timeline
together, not just
on a planetary basis
but as the entire galaxy.
>>NOORY: How often are
you channeling, JJ?
>>BRIGHTON: Every single day.
>>NOORY: Every day?
>>BRIGHTON: Yes.
>>NOORY: For how long?
>>BRIGHTON: Oh, goodness.
I feel like everybody's
channeling all the time.
I feel like we're channeling
consciously and unconsciously
all the time.
But consciously channeling
interdimensional beings,
I would say two to three
hours a day minimum.
>>NOORY: That's intense.
>>BRIGHTON: It's fun.
>>NOORY: You feel
energized afterwards?
>>BRIGHTON: I do.
I do.
I feel-- I enjoy it.
>>NOORY: Do you remember
what they tell you?
>>BRIGHTON: Yes.
Yes, I do.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: What's one of the
most profound things they've
told you?
>>BRIGHTON: That's a
hard question, George.
I think I can
articulate something.
Can I share something
in light language
before I share it in
English, would that be OK?
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>BRIGHTON: OK.
Of the most profound
messages I can convey,
I'll share it first
in light language.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
The message that
wants to come through
is something I say at the
end of every single podcast.
It is profound but simple.
I am you, and you are
me, and we are we.
And we are one is what I'll add.
>>NOORY: The language you
speak, how understandable is it
for most people?
>>BRIGHTON: That depends on
the level of play and intuition
that they allow
themselves to step into
and if they're listening with
their heart or with their mind.
>>NOORY: What about
light language speakers?
How do they pick up on you?
>>BRIGHTON: I would
say people who
speak light language are
self-calibrating enough
with the light language that
their ability to interpret
and receive is expanded.
So absolutely, if you
have two light language
channelers together, it's going
to be a fun party for sure.
>>NOORY: How fun?
>>BRIGHTON: Yeah, so we got
to get you speaking, right?
Here we go.
>>NOORY: I would never
understand those words.
>>BRIGHTON: You don't have to
understand them with your mind.
You'll understand
them with your heart.
>>NOORY: Is it a
universal language?
>>BRIGHTON: It is absolutely
a universal language.
So think about the story
of the Tower of Babel, OK?
So we're told in the Bible that
there was a period of time where
God made it so that people
couldn't understand each other.
Well, in my opinion,
the time before that
was actually a time of
pure light language,
where our souls were able
to express themselves
in the way that was
most conducive for them
and that we understood.
So both the transmitting
and receiving was expanded,
and the confounding of languages
basically put us in boxes
to divide us as a collective,
so that we couldn't communicate
heart to heart anymore.
And I don't think
that was something
that an outside source did.
I think that's something
we manifested as humanity
because we wanted to
experience what it
would feel like to be separate.
>>NOORY: Does your family
speak light language with you?
>>BRIGHTON: A little bit.
>>NOORY: Do they understand it?
>>BRIGHTON: Yes, I have
some little ones that--
I find that children are more
open to speaking light language.
I have a lot of
people that I assist
in activating their light
language, that told me
that they sound
like something they
spoke when they
were four years old.
So my kids will
speak it with me.
And again, it's something
we feel more than understand
consciously, but it's
a beautiful to be
able to do that with them.
>>NOORY: Do they
take it to school?
>>BRIGHTON: No, no.
My kids know how to
bring information
when people are ready.
So they understand
and are very intuitive
and aware of the
environments where that fits
and sometimes not.
So it's kind of
like Harry Potter.
When you are in Hogwarts,
you do one thing,
and sometimes, when you
go to the Muggle world,
you do another thing.
>>NOORY: Do people who do not
know you hear you speak it?
>>BRIGHTON: Like people
in my everyday life?
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>BRIGHTON: No.
I don't really use it.
>>NOORY: Do you do it in
a supermarket or something
like that?
>>BRIGHTON: I do
under my breath.
>>NOORY: Do you get angry?
>>BRIGHTON: Do I get angry
about life, about anything?
>>NOORY: Yeah.
Is the light language
a wholesome language,
or is it also argumentative?
>>BRIGHTON: Well,
I don't necessarily
judge my emotions
as bad or good,
but light language can be
used to convey any emotion
because it's a frequency.
So it can be used to convey any
kind of sadness, happiness, joy,
anger.
>>NOORY: What did your
family say about this?
Not your kids but your family.
>>BRIGHTON: Well,
a lot of my family,
to be completely
honest with you,
probably doesn't know the extent
to which I'm doing it, but--
>>NOORY: They will after
they watch Beyond Belief.
>>BRIGHTON: They
will after they do.
I think when people
know your heart
and they can feel that you are
absolutely embodying your soul
purpose, that it softens their
hearts to know and understand
that you're doing exactly what
you came on this planet to do,
and that's what I
feel like I'm doing.
>>NOORY: What would
you tell somebody,
JJ, if you were at the foot of
their bed, and they were dying.
And they're scared.
What do you tell them?
>>BRIGHTON: I would probably
speak light language.
And if it's OK, I'd like to
share a message that I would
give them in light language.
>>NOORY: Sure.
And then interpret it for us.
>>BRIGHTON: OK.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
You are loved.
You are worthy.
It is safe to go to the light.
>>NOORY: And do you think they
would go happily, without fear?
>>BRIGHTON: I would hope so.
I would absolutely hope so.
>>NOORY: Have you ever dealt
with somebody that just didn't
get it, didn't understand it?
>>BRIGHTON: That's an
interesting question
because I feel with
light language,
it's kind of disarming
in that people
can try to combat you when it
comes to thoughts and logic.
But when it comes to the
heart, when you speak something
like light language,
the conscious mind--
it just bypasses
the conscious mind.
A lot of times, there's nothing
you can say to come against it.
And so it's just
received with wonder.
It's received with
childlike wonder.
>>NOORY: Is light language
coming from the soul?
Where does it come from?
>>BRIGHTON: It does.
It comes from a place that
originates in the soul.
And that is purely
frequency based
outside of the constructs
of our standard languages
and our standard forms
of communication.
>>NOORY: You channel
galactic beings?
>>BRIGHTON: All the time.
>>NOORY: From where?
>>BRIGHTON: Anywhere and
everywhere you can think of, I
have channeled--
I started with the Arcturians
and the Pleiadians.
I've channeled the
Lyrans, the Andromedans.
I've channeled other less
common interdimensional beings
like Polarians, Hadarians.
I've channeled many
different beings
from the Orion constellation.
>>NOORY: Oh, just all
over the universe.
>>BRIGHTON: All over.
I really am a galactic
radio station sometimes.
>>NOORY: What are the
Andromedan star mothers?
>>BRIGHTON: Well, as you
can imagine from the name,
they originate in the
Andromeda galaxy--
>>NOORY: Right.
>>BRIGHTON: --which
a lot of channelers
say, and I believe the
same, is our future selves,
is the more evolved
version of the Milky Way.
And in fact, you
can look up online
that astronomers have
noticed that the Milky Way is
getting closer and closer
to Andromeda, like they're
overlapping.
And so I see them as
our future selves.
But outside of time and space,
we exist simultaneously.
And being more evolved
at a higher frequency
than we are currently,
they're able to support us
through this process.
It's kind of like going back
in time to tell yourself
all the things that you
wish you would have known,
and of course,
being star mothers,
they are representing
the frequency
of the divine feminine.
And you could see it as if
we are like children to them,
and we have come on
this planet being
seeded by a beautiful
variety of star mothers.
>>NOORY: Are they
the mothers of ETs?
>>BRIGHTON: Yes.
You could absolutely
see it that way.
>>NOORY: Can we channel one?
>>BRIGHTON: Yes,
I would love to.
>>NOORY: So how do we
begin with this one?
>>BRIGHTON: I would do the same.
I would bring, and I
would calibrate myself
with the light language.
And then we'll be
ready to answer
any questions you might have.
>>NOORY: All right.
>>BRIGHTON: [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
We are a council of
Andromedan star mothers,
ready and willing
to commune with you
and communicate with you.
>>NOORY: What do you
think of the human race?
>>BRIGHTON: We love them.
And we are so
proud of where they
are in this particular
cycle of ascension.
>>NOORY: We are, however, a
very warring race of humans.
>>BRIGHTON: Yes.
Yes.
Many of the timelines have
expressed themselves through
conflict, separation, and
war, and they have done this
intentionally in order to
understand what it means to be
not separate for without
understanding separation,
you cannot understand union.
Do you see what we are meaning?
>>NOORY: Do you believe in God?
>>BRIGHTON: For us,
the concept of God
is a little different
than from you.
>>NOORY: Oh, really?
>>BRIGHTON: Yes, we see
God as source, as light,
flowing in, around,
and through all things.
That beingness from which
all life sprung forth.
>>NOORY: Is there
a divine creator?
>>BRIGHTON: Yes, you
could see it that way.
>>NOORY: Are there
other humans that look
like we do on other planets?
>>BRIGHTON: Many.
>>NOORY: How many?
>>BRIGHTON: Countless.
>>NOORY: What happened
to the Mayans?
>>BRIGHTON: The Mayans
still exist on your planet,
but they are vibrating at a
different frequency that you
cannot see with
your physical eyes.
>>NOORY: Why do so many
people on this planet
not want to disclose
the existence of ETs?
>>BRIGHTON: This is
a collective fear,
and the collective
fear is creating
the reality of not knowing.
And when the
frequency of humanity
shifts to one of openness and
love and unity consciousness,
the knowledge will
flood in in waves,
in ways that are potentially
difficult for you to understand,
but it will be a joyous
time of expansion.
>>NOORY: Does
reincarnation exist?
>>BRIGHTON: It does.
>>NOORY: When a human
dies and it reincarnates,
do they go to another planet,
or do they come back to Earth?
>>BRIGHTON: All is
based on choice.
If they choose to go
to another planet,
they can absolutely do that
for their soul journey.
But if they choose to
stay on the planet Earth,
they can do that as well.
Some of this is determined
by the contracts they have
with the different planets.
>>NOORY: There's an old saying,
what goes around, comes around.
Is that universal?
>>BRIGHTON: Yes.
This is also known as the
law of correspondence.
As above, so below.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>>NOORY: We have
a beautiful moon,
as do many other planets
in our solar system.
What's on the dark side?
>>BRIGHTON: The moon
is, as you might say,
a technology that is
intended to assist
with the calibration
of humanity.
There are some who have decided
to attempt to utilize it
for their purposes.
But overall, it is there
to assist humanity.
And the moon is a shapeshifter
and will appear to a person
however they decide to see it.
It is part of your
holographic reality.
>>NOORY: There have been many
reports on this planet, JJ,
or Miss Andromeda Star
Mother, that Earth is-- oceans
are full of submersible UFOs.
Is that true?
>>BRIGHTON: Yes.
There are many
stargates underwater
and through these stargates.
>>NOORY: I knew that.
Are governments
familiar with ETs?
>>BRIGHTON: Yes, many are.
>>NOORY: Are they
working with them?
>>BRIGHTON: Yes, many are.
>>NOORY: And what's the mission?
What's the goal?
>>BRIGHTON: Overall, depending
on the heart of those involved
in the transactions
and interactions
with the
interdimensionals, the goal
is the collective
evolution of humanity,
although there are
different ways to get there.
Their behavior is reflecting
the collective intention
of humanity.
>>NOORY: Do you know
what the Bible is?
>>BRIGHTON: Yes.
>>NOORY: The Bible
calls for end times.
>>BRIGHTON: Yes.
>>NOORY: A complete
destruction and then a return.
>>BRIGHTON: Yes.
>>NOORY: Is that
going to happen?
>>BRIGHTON: Not in the
timeline that you are in.
>>NOORY: But eventually?
>>BRIGHTON: In one timeline.
And if you choose to be in
that timeline at a later date,
it will occur in your timeline.
>>NOORY: Are you hopeful
for the future of humanity?
>>BRIGHTON: Yes, there are many
hopeful futures for humanity,
many choices to be made
and many ways to ascend.
>>NOORY: Let's bring JJ back.
>>BRIGHTON: I'm here.
>>NOORY: Is that exhausting
for you to do that?
>>BRIGHTON: Not
exhausting, but it
does take practice to be able to
channel for longer time periods.
>>NOORY: How do people
get a hold of what you do
and see what you do?
>>BRIGHTON: Well,
the easiest way
is to go to my website,
activationswithjj.com.
>>NOORY: JJ, thanks for
being on Beyond Belief.
>>BRIGHTON: Absolutely.
It was an honor, George.
>>NOORY: Channeling
an Andromedan star
mother was fascinating.
But channeling Jesus was
something I'll never forget.
Thanks for watching
Beyond Belief.
[THEME MUSIC]